Emberek Culture(Singular: Embyen)
     Heavy west-Slav influence(Czech,   Poland, Hungary)
     Size: at least 1 moderately large city,  many dispersed townships
     Climate: cold, arboreal weather. Most townships are in a vast swamp that freezes during the winter. Flooding is extremely common in those regions. Most trees are fir/pine/cold weather. 
      Architecture: as the region is apt to flooding, most building are on stilts, with elevated walkways between them. The stilts themselves are usually made of stone. The buildings themselves often have a stone first story, and every story above that is plaster and timber frame. Most buildings are two stories tall, but can be up to 6 stories in important locations.
Naming conventions: people names follow two schema: the first is their last name is a descriptor of them(Erik [the] Red, for someone with red hair), the second is an action they did(Leo (who) shot). The names are then translated into Czech so Erik Cervene and Leo Vystrel. First names are more generic and are similar to German names. You won’t get any bobs or franks however. Place names are just a descriptor of the location translated to Hungarian, for example, a town with a river going through it would be  River(town) so the town would be called Folyo.
Religion: Emberek religion is based around cycles of reincarnation. It’s believed that their are a set number of souls available for every creature. When a creature is born, a soul is taken from the Pool or Medence. When a creature dies, its soul is sent to a different pool - The Inbetween or Koezte. The number of creatures being born is constantly accelerating, eventually the Medence empties and no new creatures are born. When that happens all who are still alive are privy to the remaking of the universe. Those who survive that become the first generation of the new universe and are tasked with teaching the ways to the next. However, souls that are trapped in soul gems are destroyed when the universe is remade. Because of this most Emberek find soul gems distasteful at best, and outright blasphemous at worst. There is a moral element to the religion, the shittier you are in life, the shittier your time in the Koetze will be. Particularly terrible people will be born with disabilities in the next Cycle.
Folk tales and common expressions: 
“A river from my lungs” - extreme frustration 
The Fog - during spring, a thick white fog blankets the region. Otherworldly sounds can be heard from it. It’s advised to walk outside in groups of 3 or more else you may vanish. Local traditions say it’s caused by the echos of destroyed souls from the last cycle.
Will-o-wisps - strange lights that draw travelers deep into the swap at night during the summer. Caused by a crocodile like creature
“May the Fog take you!” - go to hell

The Bazaci(singular bazant) or Swampmen - 50 to 100 years ago there was a war between the emberek and migrants from !coruscant. The emberek used hit and fade tactics to deadly effect against the migrants, and would frequently force columns of the migrants into the swamp, drowning them. They arrived in summer and were hurting bad when spring rolled around.
With the spring came the Fog, and the emberek renewed their offensive with great zeal. 1/2 the migrants that spring were killed by the emberek, 1/4 by the Fog and the remainder fled
Fast forward to modern day, and some emberek like to scavenge the old battlegrounds for materials. Those who do tell stories of the Bazaci, the bloated, black corpses of the migrants who were taken by the swamp or the Fog
Usually, attacks by Bazaci are isolated incidents. But one night 57 years after the war, around 300 Bazaci swarmed over the town of Csatater killing most
So yeah that’s the boogeyman of the emberek there
Also, most of them don’t speak very good common, a side effect of being so isolated, so a non speaker of the language will really struggle to get around