Listed in Order of Solar Proximity

SIVIS:
Sivis is a class G7V star. A yellow main sequence star, approximately 1.5x the mass and radius of the sun. Part of the mass of Sivis is composed of what has been deemed Sunwater,
after the first company to commercially harvest and refine it. This material is used to power the megaships that jump freely, as well as smaller ships, supplemented by the solar rail.


ISKEN:
Very close to the sun. Low orbital period and essentially tidally locked to the sun.

Settlements: 
Being very close to the sun with no rotation, livable area is very little. Sunwater Corp have established a base of operations in a ring, 
located along the day/night borderline. The ring city is used to launch, maintain, and house crew for the ships used in official solar fuel mining.


[Goldilocks Zone]


ARCADES:
Second planet from the sun. Relatively small world compared to Bahuaro, however the high density means that gravity is approximately 1.3x Bahuaro norm.
Very high metal content means that this planet is largely composed of mining and refinery cities.

Settlements:
No large settlements exist on Arcades. The planet has many smaller settlements of several thousand, dotted around the globe as close to each other as mining claims will allow. 
Many of the mining companies dispute claims, and will use underhanded methods to attempt to secure claims they deem valuable.


ALTERRA:
Third 'rock' from the sun. Surface is approximately 90% water, with the exception of one small land mass and the polar caps. 
After initial ventures to this world, explorers found that the native plant life was exceptionally nutrient dense, and the majority of the 
food production for the system was founded there.

Settlements:
One city on the landmass, along with several floating cities used to service the farms.


ALICANTE & BAHUARO:
The twin planets. Alicante and Bahuaro are binary planets, orbiting each other and the sun. Bahuaro is the main world of 
humanity, being home to 70% of the population in a single, planet wide metropolis. Alicante is the home of the elves, after they entered the system
several millenia ago. These planets also have a moon, Navis, orbiting around the central point between both planets, 
which modern science theorizes to be the original ship that the elves traveled to this system on. This moon was the inspiration for humanity's early space flight efforts,
launching satellites to the Lagrange points between the planets to shape the magical energies to slingshot ships between them. This system was refined and formed the basis of the 
modern solar rail.

Settlements:
Bahuaro: 
The entirety of the surface of Bahuaro has been converted into a single city, allowing for greatly increased population density and productivity of the many manufactories 
still located on that world. Much of the city is composed of large towers known as Residence Towers, connected to each other at ground level, as well as through a planet spanning network
of walkways and small craft flight lanes. Below ground level, the planet is also riddled with tunnels and passageways, infested with the worst of the population. Interworld has denied all
alegations that these tunnels pass through what was formerly the mantle of the planet. 

Alicante:
Most of Alicante is unpopulated, despite being a near literal paradise. The name of the one city on the planet has either been lost to time or simply is unpronounceable in human languages,
depending on the elf you ask. The only name they see fit to share is 'The City of Spires', named so after the brilliant glass spires dotted around the city.


[Outskirts]


BOONE:
Sitting just on the edge of habitable space, Boone is a sparsely populated world, due both to the planet's somewhat erratic orbit and general temperature range. 
Boone is cold for most of the year, having a short spring period that ends suddenly. 

Settlements:
Boone is has a few large cities and several small settlements, largely populated by the Emberek people. See [Emberek] document.


SEKTO:
A barren, rocky planet, approximately twice the size of Earth's moon. Sekto is a region of space that is fraught with pirate activity, to the point that the Bahuaro
government have sent dispatches to attempt to search and destroy any bases or outposts in the area, with little to no result.


MYTA:
The farthest planet, and to most, the least noticable. In ancient times, and again in modern, it was the home of the Cogs, the strange clockwork people. 
Several corporations have established research bases on the planet, and some core samples revealed strange gears and mechanisms. 
After the return of the Cogs, it has become disputed territory.
